.TH "fi_rxr" "7" "2016\-09\-27" "Libfabric Programmer\[aq]s Manual" "\@VERSION\@"
.SH NAME
.PP
The RxR (RDM over RDM) Utility Provider
.SH OVERVIEW
.PP
The RxR provider is a utility provider that supports RDM endpoints
emulated over a base RDM provider.
.SH SUPPORTED FEATURES
.PP
The RxR provider currently supports \f[I]FI_MSG\f[] and \f[I]FI_TAGGED\f[]
capabilities.
It requires the base RDM provider to support \f[I]FI_MSG\f[]
capabilities.
.PP
\f[I]Endpoint types\f[] : The provider supports only endpoint type
\f[I]FI_EP_RDM\f[].
.PP
\f[I]Endpoint capabilities\f[] : The following data transfer interface
is supported: \f[I]fi_msg\f[] and \f[I]fi_tagged\f[].
.PP
\f[I]Modes\f[] : The provider does not require the use of any mode bits.
.PP
\f[I]Progress\f[] : The RxR provider supports both
\f[I]FI_PROGRESS_AUTO\f[] and \f[I]FI_PROGRESS_MANUAL\f[], with a
default set to auto.
However, receive side data buffers are not modified outside of
completion processing routines.
.SH LIMITATIONS
.PP
The RxR provider has hard\-coded maximums for supported queue sizes and
data transfers.
Some of these limits are set based on the selected base RDM provider.
.PP
No support for multi\-recv.
.PP
No support for counters.
.PP
The RxR provider is still under development and is not extensively
tested.
.SH RUNTIME PARAMETERS
.PP
The ofi_rxr provider checks for the following environment variables.
.PP
\f[I]FI_OFI_RXR_RX_WINDOW_SIZE\f[] : Defines the maximum window size that a
receiver will return for matched large messages. Defaults to the number of
available posted receive buffers when the message is handled (0).
\f[I]FI_OFI_RXR_TX_QUEUE_SIZE\f[] : Defines the maximum number of
unacknowledged sends to the core provider. RxR does not support a tx queue size
larger than the core provider.
\f[I]FI_OFI_RXR_MTU_SIZE\f[] : Defines the maximum message size that RxR will
send to the core provider. Defaults to the core providers maximum message size.
\f[I]FI_OFI_RXR_MAX_TIMEOUT\f[] : Defines the maximum timeout in microseconds that RxR will wait to retransmit after receiving a receiver not ready error.
\f[I]FI_OFI_RXR_TIMEOUT_INTERVAL\f[] : Defines the base time interval in microseconds that RxR will use for exponential backoff after receiving a receiver not ready error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[C]fabric\f[](7), \f[C]fi_provider\f[](7), \f[C]fi_getinfo\f[](3)
.SH AUTHORS
OpenFabrics.
